W Project

In this new project I want to create a fully playable and functional level with a few spell/power mechanics, AI's with ability to damage the player, main menu, pause menu, HUD, and an fully designed level (*for creating the level environments, objects and textures I am going to use AssetForge, which is a very helpfull app where you can build 3d models and basically everything with building blocks*). The goal of this project is to learn how to work with behavior trees which allows design an AI behavior, to create an fully animated character (*not just walking, running and jumping but also different animations for different spells, damage animation, death animation and others*), and most importantly to design and create an game level. The game I'm using as a reference is The Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening (2019 remake). An avdenture with fixed or top-down camera, minimalistic and simple look with all environments and textures in one similar/lore friendly style which creates a recognizable and unique design.
I have already finished implementing the character in the project with several animations, 3 spells with animations, Health and Mana HUD which have tied variables and actually react to damage or heal spell.
I'll start with a gameplay demo and after with screenshots of blueprints.


Right now I have only 3 spells, one is telekinesis (*move objects to the character*), heal spell and fireball spell and another passive ability which is mana regeneration. Also, I created the health and mana bar which are connected to each other. Both health and mana represent variables with value equal to 1.0, everytime the player uses the heal spell, the mana bar decreases with 0.15 and health bar increases with 0.2, I didn't make the numbers equal because other spells require mana as well so it needs some balance. 
